serv.trigger once a day calculate all faction players titles	(make it 10am, also do point atrophy during this time)

Death at the hands of a Faction Enemy
In order to add more permanence to the results of faction battles, and add meaning to death in combat without inflicting further economic damage upon the deceased, faction
 players are subject to a temporary skill loss penalty of 33% when slain by a faction opponent. As described in the time-based operations chart, this penalty lasts 20 minutes.
 This penalty is also applied if a faction character commits "suicide".
Note: This penalty is not applied when a faction player is killed by a non-faction player, faction mate, or non-enemy faction monster.

Faction players that do damage to an enemy faction player will be added to the list of people that can freely loot the enemies body should he die.
When a faction player reaches full health, the list of people that can freely loot his body will be cleared.
Damage done to an enemy faction member by a placed faction trap will add the trapper to list of people that can freely loot the enemies boady.


Faction Scrolls: These are Faction Imbued scrolls of heal, greater heal, harm, fireball, and lightning. These scrolls may be used by a pplayer of at least 90 inscribing skill
 upon a faction-crafted gnarled staff, in order to charge the staff with a number of charges of that spell. The number of charges is equal to 40 divided by the circle of that
 spell (rounded down). Example: A lightning scroll would provide the staff with 10 charges of lightning, a fireball scroll would provide 13 charges of fireball, and so forth.
 Staffs (staves) cannot be recharged. A new staff must be created in order to accept a new enchantment.

You and your guild will officially be out of the faction in 7 days.

Atrophy
Atrophy is a silent distribution of points, taken from inactive players, over a repeating 7 day cycle.
Any member who has died in faction battle within the past 7 days will be considered active and not lose any points to atrophy. Any player who has killed another faction
 member in faction battle has a 33% chance of being considered active (and hence, not lose any points). Any player who has not died, nor counted as an active player from
 killing another is subject to atrophy. Atrophy will take 10% of each inactive player's points. Points taken by atrophy are collected in one 'pool' and then are distributed
 one at a time randomly, among all active faction players. It does not matter which faction the points are taken from nor which faction the active players belong too.